[Music]
26 psychology facts you never knew about
people understanding the psychology
behind the way you behave and treat
others can be very useful in your daily
life here's the most surprising
psychology facts that can help you
understand yourself and others better
check out number 20 it's a total
surprise number one any friendship that
begins in the period between sixteen and
twenty eight years of age is more likely
to be robust and long-lasting two women
generally prefer men with deep husky
voices because they seem more confident
and not aggressive three the smarter the
person is the faster he thinks and the
sloppier his handwriting is for our
emotions don't affect the way we
communicate in fact the way we
communicate has an influence on our mood
five the way a person treats restaurant
staff reveals a lot about their
character six people who have a strong
sense of guilt understand other's
thoughts and feelings better seven men
are not funnier than women they just
make more jokes not caring whether
others like their humor or not eight shy
people talk little about themselves but
they do so in a way that makes other
people feel that they know them very
well
nine women have twice as many pain
receptors in their bodies than men but
they have a much higher pain tolerance
ten listening to high-frequency music
makes you feel calm relaxed and happy 11
if you can't stop your stream of
thoughts at night get up and write them
down this trick will set your mind at
ease so you can sleep 12 good morning
and good night text messages activate
the part of the brain responsible for
happiness 13 doing things that scare you
will make you happier 14 the average
amount of time a woman can keep a secret
is 47 hours and 15 minutes 15 people who
try to keep everyone happy often end up
feeling the loneliest 16 the happier we
are the less sleep we require 17 when
you hold the hand of you beloved you
feel less pain and worry less 18
intelligent people have fewer friends
than the average person the smarter the
person is the more selective they are 19
marrying your best friend eliminates the
risk of divorce by over 70% this
marriage is more likely to last a
lifetime
20 the people who give the best advice
are usually the ones with the most
problems 21 women who have mostly male
friends stay in a good mood more often
[Music]
22 people who speak two languages may
unconsciously shift their personalities
when they switch from one language to
another 23 being alone for a long time
is as bad for your health as smoking 15
cigarettes a day 24 travel boosts brain
health and decreases a person's risk of
heart attack and depression 25 people
look more attractive when they speak
about the things they are interested in
and number 26 when two people talk to
each other
and one of them turns their feet
slightly away or repeatedly moves one
foot in an outward direction this is a
sign of disagreement which psychology
fact do you find the most intriguing
share this video with those who want to
know how to get along with anyone hit
the like button below and don't forget
to subscribe if you're visiting our
channel for the first time